Hello, Our group is visualizing basketball
player salaries.
When you first land on the home page, you
land on the home page, you are greeted with
a grid of seven scatter plots that show the
distributions of assists per game, points
per game, the age of the player, the steals
per game, the blocks per game, the minutes
played per game, and the rebounds per game
in relation to the salary of each player in
our database.
Below, you are shown a larger scatter plot
here that initially shows the points per game
with relation to the salary.
As well as the distribution of player in the
NBA in regards to their position.
So we are able to brush over this section
of the scatter plot and we are able to see
the players who play the most but also make
the most money are power forwards, point guards,
forwards, and guards.
We are able to also compare the performance
of say centers and guards in the NBA.
And we see that guards score significantly
more points but also make more money.
However, we are able to come back up here
and click on say the scatter plot that shows
the blocks per game with relation to salary,
and we are able to perform the same comparison,
comparing centers to guards, and we see that
guards block very few shots but get paid a
lot of money where as centers block a significant
amount of shots per game but don't get paid
too much.
We are also able to do the same exact for
rebounds or any of the other scatter plots
here.
We are also able to see below that we can
select two players.
We will compare Nikola Jokic, and Al Horford.
We see that Nikola Jokic gets paid very little
in his first year, but he scored more points
than Al Horford in all three years he was
in the NBA.
He had significantly more steals per game
and significantly more assists per game even
though his pay does not represent this.